i've told this story so many times it's
almost like it's a fantasy
this was real this is real
[Music]
you know we both deserve to be happy are
you happy
yeah sure oh that's convincing why are
we even together anymore
we have a newborn baby we just closed
escrow you want to split up
i wanna
to everything there is a season
in time to be born
and a time to die
she was dark from the beginning of time
of us
[Music]
what do you think happens when you die
what if it's some extension or
manifestation of your fears
somebody help me what's happening to me
it's too late you're not dead yet
[Music]
adrian wake up wake up
this wasn't the beginning of the end
this was the moment when i told you
[Music]
you